starting Wednesday I will host the
primetime return of Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire with famous people playing
for a million dollars for the Charities
of their choice it's fun for the whole
family including my family specifically
my daughter Jane and my son Billy hello
everyone I'm Jimmy Kimmel I am the host
of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
celebrity edition which returns to ABC
in primetime on Wednesday night after
the series finale of Modern Family and
I've got two very special players here
to practice with first of all Jane
Kimmel who loves to draw and loves to
watch frozen - let's have a round of
applause for Jane welcome Jane and he's
two years old his name is Billy
he loves spider-man and T Rexes Billy
Kimmel everyone are you guys ready to
play Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
okay we've been practicing this for
1,000 pennies the first question is for
you Jane Jane what does an elephant have
on its face a a red nose be a trunk see
a mustache or D a pickle is that your
final answer
that is correct Jane Billy for two
thousand penny which animal eats bananas
is it a a monkey be a goldfish see tiger
or D a chicken is that your final answer
that is correct
Jane for four thousand pennies who are
the sisters in frozen are they sasha and
malia Kylie and Kendall mary-kate and
Ashley or honor and Elsa is that your
final answer that is the correct you
guys are doing so good you want to do a
spider-man question okay here we go
which Marvel superhero likes to smash is
it a Superman be Wonder Woman see the
Hulk or D Joe exotic is that your final
answer what that is
your next question Jane is for 8,000
pennies in Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory which you guys watch a lot
Violet Beauregarde says she has the
world record for what a kissing the most
boys be eating the most cookies see
chewing a piece of gum for the longest
time or D Tooting the loudest Jane is
that your final answer
Jane that is the correct answer oh my
gosh
Billy are you ready for your question
okay for sixteen thousand pennies which
dinosaur has three horns is it the
Stegosaurus is it the pterodactyl is it
the t-rex is it the Triceratops is that
your final answer you'd like a t-rex
best all right the next question is for
32,000 pennies Jane Jane how do you say
see you tomorrow in Spanish visit boo
Pachuca bucha is it neutr is Gracia is
it Feliz Navidad
or is it D hasta manana is that your
final answer yes that is correct
Billy for 64,000 pennies
what is spider-man's real name is it a
Peter Parker be party pooper see Pablo
Picasso or D magic Johnson what's his
name Jane can you maybe help Pierre
broker is that your final answer
[Music]
28,000 pennies Jane in the game animal
crossing on Nintendo switch what is the
name of the raccoon who owns the store
is it a Tom Brady be Tom Nook Z Bradley
Cooper or D mayor humdinger definitely
because I played this a lot I'm really
guessing Tom though and it's true is
that your final answer
that is correct Oh Billy Billy do you
want a question let's go right to the
million penny question shall we
you don't want to all right
who is your favorite person is it a
daddy
B daddy see daddy or D mommy
oh is it you must be a little miss
Miller uh nobody really huh dad daddy is
correct you win 1 million pennies
pointing at the mommy and now you want
to get down well guys the good news is
we're gonna take that million pennies
which know how many dollars a million
pennies is it's $10,000 we are gonna
donate it to no Kid Hungry so that kids
who are hungry will have food to eat
okay does that sound like a good plan
yeah that sounds like a good plan Billy
do you want to get down okay we're gonna
get down Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
returns to ABC Wednesday night watch the
premiere after the finale of Modern
Family I like to thank my contestants
Billy Kimball today Jane one was a lot
more willing to play than the other
Thank You Jane
Thank You Billy and thank you for
watching everybody
[Music]